(WIP)
Idea: Spaces where sentience slowly grow primal and rabid as they're influenced by the memes of a NulGraven Tumor. A dark red tint covers the ground as it vibrates a sickening 2413Hz frequency. The edges of these NulGraven Sites are also outlined in a bright red glow, similar to caradels.
Unlike Fracturing Zones, NulGraven Sites grow and spread on its own, like a living organism— these sites are essentially Memetta's Immune System. It balances, gains, and spends "Sentience" like a resource as it slowly grows over plants, absorbs wildlife, and feasts on the sentience from living creatures.
The best way to contain a NulGraven site, is to either burn the grass around it to limit spreading, or keep it in a sealed containment. Surrounding it in sand or water can help for a time too.

NulGraven Sites have their own personalities and "sentience", coordinating, thinking, and growing strategically like a wild animal.
Mood - slightly increases how much sentience is gained
Aggression - reduces cost spent when birthing caradels
Hunger - greatly increases sentience gained but slightly increase cost spent when birthing caradels
Curiosity - slightly reduces sentience gained and lost
Desparation - slightly increases sentience gained and lost
Determination - reduces sentience lost/cost based total sentience to max sentience percentage (example: reduces loss greatly when total percentage is below 10%, but does nothing when above 70%)
Memetta's Mood - Overall sentience boost/reduction calculated last after all calculations.


Benign Stage
Sentience < 500
A single small NulGraven Tumor that slowly spreads on its own. It's a minor threat, as long as it's dealt with as soon as possible.
Unlocks: Echo Caradels

Melignant Stage 1
1000 > Sentience > 500
The tumor has become tree-sized and Senti-Essence begins blowing in the wind.
Unlocks: Meijus Caradels

Melignant Stage 2
2500 > Sentience > 1000
3 Tumors can now be carried by the site as the ground vibrates its 2413Hz more intensly. The germs and tiny insects in sand/grains can now be infected.
Unlocks: Popette Caradels and Arbor Caradels

Melignant Stage 3
5000 > Sentience > 2500
5 Tumors can be carried, while water becomes susceptible to infection as well.
Unlocks: Decanoluzion Caradels and Ghastette Caradels

Melignant Stage 4
10000 > Sentience > 5000
10 Tumors can be cradled as it also gains the ability to assimilate other smaller NulGraven Sites.
Unlocks: Caradel Adaptation (Allows the NulGraven Site to fine-tune its caradels to adapt beyond its capabilities)
