(WIP)
Firmata Frontier Discord Server Mini Wiki Entry:

The Tortured Artists of Sentience


> As their creator slowly dove into insanity
> She created the greatest victim of them all.

> To think, there is a race out there-
> who's sole purpose is designed as a joke.

-An Agent

Short Description
Tortured artists with a genetically-short temper. Aeleps are quick in their thought, but always on the verge of having the worst day ever.

📚 Classification
Humanoid Alterant

Weaknesses
Blood-calming Reliant
Uneasy Personality
Constantly on-edge
Needs a therapist

🌳 Lifespan
60-80 Years

Traits
Quick Thinking, Artistically Gifted, Naturally Creative

Abilities
Blood Soothing 🩸
When the scent of blood is in the air, the mood of an Aelep is immediately soothed and calmed, giving them a rare chance at both clarity and tranquility.
Without the scent of blood, they're constantly on-edge and on the verge of crashing out. These "crashouts" are rarely violent, but rather, take on the form of verbal or emotional outrage.

Tortured Artists
Aeleps, without blood soothing, are constantly having the worst day ever. Everything and anything can set them off or tick them the wrong way. While that does offer a horrible life experience, with everything being a minor inconvenience, it offers great opportunities for them to think outside the box and offer creative ideas not many others could come up with.

If you read ⁠Ubirs (Vampires), you may notice Aeleps share a striking number of similar traits. And for that, your attention is rewarded:
Rather than being alterants of humans, Aeleps are alterants Ubirs.

During the time of their creation, their inventor was well on her way to losing her mind. As a form of 'stress relief' she thought it'd be a funny idea to create a race who's sole-purpose is to counter The Ubirs, her older invention, in any way possible.
Thus, the Aeleps were born... unfortunately.

Rather than being gifted in artful grace, Aeleps are gifted with the art of writing or visualizing their creativity. But the arts are the only trait that pair well with Ubirs, to give the two races a reason to work together in some capacity.

Since Aeleps need the scent of blood to stay calm, this makes it near-impossible for them to live alongside Ubirs without causing some minor (major) problems and tension.
Without the scent of blood, everything pisses them off.
Their bed not being fixed seconds after waking up, weather being a few degrees too warm/cold, other peoples' voices, egg yolks breaking when cracking, a friend being a few seconds late from a meeting— and so much more minor inconveniences in life genetically altered to be as mildly infuriating as possible.

Where they lack in life quality, they make up for being naturally-gifted creatives. With their tortured artist ability, they not only come up with wild and unheard of stories and theories, but they also piece together unique and borderline-brilliant inventions and plans.

You may never see an Aelep on the battlefield.
Rather, they'd be sitting in their desk far away from the fight— planning schematics for their next quantum hand grenade while snorting some blood-scented powder and taking in the fresh air of their blood-scented air freshener— both of which they designed themselves... during an artistic crashout, as per usual.

Current Status on The Continent (Firmata Frontier)
Without the technology to make any of their blood-scented equipment, they are constantly under immense stress and suffering.
If you thought Archkin had it bad with them losing almost all their abilities, Aeleps have been on the verge of losing their marbles for the past 20 years.

How to make an Aelep:
Appearance
> Some Aeleps have long elf ears, some don't. Their inventor thought it'd be funny if only some Aeleps had them, making that single bit of inconsistency be another addition to the already-large pool of things that piss them off.
> "Ugh, why are my ears too long, why can't I be like the others, damn it!"
> "Ugh, why are my ears too short, why can't I be like the others, damn it!"
> Aside from that, there's nothing else that differentiates them from humans, appearance-wise. Although some Aeleps still have their blood cheeks from their Ubir origins, it doesn't do anything now.
> As you expected, their inventor ALSO left this inconsistent genetic factor as yet another addition to the "Let's piss them off" pool.

Personality
> Aeleps can be happy if you want them too, as if they're trying their best to keep it together. Some Aeleps can control their mood after all, at least, to an extent. But deep down, they're always just having the worst day ever.

Aelep Physiology:
Abandoned Sentience Fiends
> Aeleps still have their blood cheeks from their Ubir origins, but they don't do anything now. They didn't even get to keep their fangs as they lost those over time through evolution.
> There is hope that the blood cheeks slowly go away as well, but for some reason, they're still around every now and then.

Known Aeleps:
Razi-Chan (or whoever she's possessing currently)