(WIP)
Firmata Frontier Discord Server Mini Wiki Entry:

As a kid, I had a pet acorn.

Now, it's wearing acorns all over his body.
We're getting married tomorrow.

-Random San Baciato Villager

Short Description
Coming in many different colors, Thingamakin Elders are rare fully-grown ⁠Thingamakin Juveniles that have managed to miraculously survive long enough to gain human-like sentience and now live alongside us... whether we want these dusty humanoids to or not.
They wear objects as pieces of clothing to represent themselves, alongside seeming to have an innate sense of color theory— as they often pick items that match the color of their dusty forms quite well.

📚 Classification
Humanoid Alterant

Weaknesses
Memory Incompatibility

🌳 Lifespan
Unknown
(Not enough data)

Traits
Shapeshifting, Full-Body Sensory, Experience Consumption

Abilities
Full-Body Senses 👁️👃👂
Thingamakin perceive all 5 senses through their dusty bodies. They taste, feel, hear, smell, and see through their archose-like dust, similar to ⁠Archkin.
They can still taste food as well, but don't need it to live.

Experience Consumption
Rather than needing food, water, or even air to live— Thingamakin persist through Experiences and gaining/perceiving new Memories, a trait shared with ⁠Archubi.
However, unlike their distant ⁠Alterants (Modified Humans) cousins, Thingamakin cannot absorb memories from others. Rather, they must gain memories naturally.
If a Thingamakin stagnates, it can quickly lead to finality.

🖋️ Overview
Thingamakin are odd critters as there are still many mysteries surrounding them. Notably, nobody knows how they reproduce. More of them just... pop up.
It's pointless to ask Elder Thingamakin any questions from their ⁠Thingamakin Juveniles days, as their heightened level of sentience makes their older animalistic memories "incompatible".
They still have these memories, but cannot access or perceive them.

Unlike the moral dilemma of killing and consuming their ⁠Thingamakin Juveniles counterparts, it is commonly considered murder and cannibalism to commit such acts against Elder Thingamakin.

As they're considered ⁠Alterants (Modified Humans) and were originally ⁠Humans, it can be inferred that their regaining of human-level thinking and acting capabilities is their sentience subconsciously healing" itself back to the state it's meant to be.
Although they can still change their forms somewhat, they cannot change the color of their dust, meaning it's very difficult for a Thingamakin to pose as a human without completely covering their whole body.

Current Status on The Continent (Firmata Frontier)
A rare handful of Thingamakin Elders were caught up in the Spirepocalypse. However, there seems to be a lot more Thingamakin Elders currently than there were prior to The Spirepocalypse.
Where these other Elders came from is unsure, but their sense of time is somewhat off.
Some claim that the Spirepocalypse happened much longer than 20 years ago, but it could be inferred that it's merely due to their animalistic memories contradicting their humanoid memories. It's uncertain how the memory wipe affected animals, so that level of unknown uncertainty makes their "The Spirepocalypse happened more than 20 years ago" conspiracy quite shaky at best.
Either way, some chose to live as hermits in nature, while others adjusted to The Stone Society without much issue.

Known Thingamakin Elders:
The Last Midwife