(WIP)
Firmata Frontier Discord Server Mini Wiki Entry:

What was merely a combat upgrade
developed into something more.

She created them to promote peace.
Evolution perfected them for war.

-An Agent

Short Description
Elegant and peaceful humans known for their grace and quick thinking, able to toggle a blood-driven rage when the need arises.

📚 Classification
Humanoid Alterant

Weaknesses
Blood-borne Rage
Bright Light Sensitivity

🌳 Lifespan
60-80 Years

Traits
Fluid-Draining Fangs, Darksight

Abilities
Blood Rage State 🩸
Upon smelling the sentience laced in blood, an Ubir almost immediately becomes violent and aggressive. This Blood Rage state increases their Physicality and Alacrity by +3 points.
If there is no more blood scent in the air, Blood Rage ends.

Blood Drain 🩸
When consuming blood through their fangs, it can remove the scent of that blood patch in the air.
Absorbed blood doesn't get absorbed by the body to avoid any bloodborne illnesses. Rather, its sentience is filtered out and stored temporarily.

Blood Spit 🩸
After their body removes the sentience in the blood, it can be ejected out from the fangs as a projectile. Without any sentience in the blood projectile, its scent doesn't cause blood rage.

🖋️ Overview
Ubir are pretty simple Alterants. In fact, as long as they keep their mouth shut, you may not even tell someone's actually an Ubir.

They're naturally graceful and elegant, indicative of their original intention of being made to promote peace. With their threat of violence, it was intended for their mere presence to deter people from drawing blood in the first place.
So, during times of peace, Ubir are excellent on the stage. Their darksight helps them see through dim lighting better, allowing for truly graceful performances even in the dead of night.

However, when times of war came around and the scent of blood filled the air, Ubir became powerhouses of nearly-uncontrollable rage.

Current Status on The Continent (Firmata Frontier)
Some Ubirs were caught up in the Spirepocalypse, causing them to unintentionally slip into the Stone Society populace. Aside from that, their case doesn't seem to differ much from the average Local.

How to make an Ubir:
Appearance
> They look almost just like any other human, with the only key difference being their fangs.
> They don't have anything else vampires may have like wings or transformations, but hey, Ubir were never made to be anything but > simple anyways.
> 
> You do get the occasional Ubir who has their "blood cheeks" visible every here and there, but it's not a universal trait that all Ubir have. The only notable example of one having their blood cheeks visible is Prof. Besado herself.

Known Ubir:
Professor Besado (or just anyone from the Ciela Besado bloodline)