(WIP)
Discord Mini Wiki Entry:
"Physical Memories from a Soul."

> "People often sought out my aid for various memory-related inquiries."
> "Some wanted memories removed, others wished to learn abilities instantly."
> "More wished others to feel a certain way, while a few longed foresight."
> 
> "To save myself time and delegate the process, I rewrote the very concept of ⁠PSYCHE Energy (Soul) itself."
> "By containing pieces of soul in these Memory Pieces, people no longer need me for their most mundane wishes."
> 
> "Thus, granting myself more time for more critical matters."
-⁠Khueen, the Reyna

This document is a detailed excerpt from an article released by Khueen herself prior to the Fall of ⁠The Godcity of Marlika.
The contents of this entry have been modified by The Court's standards to provide an easier reading experience for the lay individual.

"Memory Piece Overview"
Memory Pieces shall be the standard for utilizing the properties of ⁠PSYCHE Energy (Soul) in the transfer ⁠Memories. They are these solid glowing tablets encased in one's physical ⁠Sentience, with a single panel that contains the physical memories from that soul. The panel slots into the casing akin to a puzzle block.
Its color is based on the originator's soul's natural frequency, making it straightforward and easy to identify what Pieces belonged to who.
> Court Note: Due to Khueen's detachment from mortal-kind, it is indeed not easy to identify who each memory piece belonged to. As such, take care and caution when utilizing memory pieces of unknown origin.

They can contain more than mere moments in time, some housing skills, traits, abilities, and even privileges.
Their capabilities are similar to a computer's Flash Drive storing data and programs, with these Memory Pieces being created specifically for more sentient entities, such as ⁠Humans, ⁠Alterants (Modified Humans), animals, even us ⁠Archkin.
> Court Note: In fact, the best way to obtain an Archkin's abilities is to acquire one of their memory pieces. Under any circumstance do NOT utilize a memory piece from an Archgod.
> All Archgodic memory pieces are to be offered up to The Vice President, lest they be confiscated by force.

"How to use Memory Pieces"
The process is simple, as I had to design it as such to where anyone can obtain the contents contained within a Memory Piece.
Simply smash the tablet onto your body. That is it.

As long as you have ⁠Sentience, the piece's Sentience Casing would detect the closest carrier of sentience— most likely being yourself.
After the piece shatters, it would turn into a dust similar to ⁠Archose, before rapidly invading your nearest oculus nerve, or eye.
> Court Note: This process may be is uncomfortable for first-time users. But the irritating feeing dissipates rather quickly. This is another oversight of Khueen's due to her lack of sympathy for mortals.

Should you be in a situation where you can't subject any kinetic energy onto the memory piece, simply rubbing it against your eye works just as effectively. It will shatter immediately and you'll obtain the piece's contents just the same.
> Court Note: This process has been verified to work more effectively than smashing the memory piece onto yourself... unfortunately.

"How to extract Memory Pieces"
❗ [ You are not permitted to view this entry ]
For the sake of this Github Repo Wiki, I will personally explain how the process works.
You will need a specialized device that appears like a large syringe with a box on top of it.
Lower this device near your eye, then jam its needle into it.
The device will pierce your pupil as smaller appendages protrude from the needle's sides to slowly lift up your eyeball from its socket to ensure it remains stable.
During this process, you must actively think of the memory/experience you wish to extract, and focus on that as much as possible.
Some blood will be harvested from the eye as the memory is extracted— the blood is merely used to create the sentience case.
After several minutes, the device will drop your eye back in its socket. Opening up the box atop the needle will produce the new Memory Piece.
Recovery Period is estimated to be 1-3 days. Repeated extraction may cause intense stress and unintended short-term memory loss.
(Now... imagine how much times Professor Besado had to do this to bring back as many locals as possible during the "Long Shush" era prior to Firmata Frontier...)

"Anatomy of a Memory Piece"
After Extracting a memory piece, once your eyesight is restored, you may find two components around the device you utilized. Both should be created from your own ⁠PSYCHE Energy (Soul) if you followed the process accordingly.

The Sentience Case should be colorless at first, as it will only adapt a color after the Memory Pane has been slotted into it. These two parts can be damaged through physical or psyche means, and have the properties of stone, so caution must be taken when transporting them.

Should a Memory Piece shatter, please contact an ⁠Archkin capable of manipulating Phantasy.

Sentience Case
Initially colorless, it gets its color from the Memory Pane you slotted into it. As long as the Memory Pane's intended Sentience Category matches or is lower than the Case, you can swap cases around and it wouldn't matter.
If a Case and Panel are incompatible, the Case would retain its default pale hue.

In practice:
> Humanistic Sentience Memory Pane + Humanistic Sentience Case = ✅
> Humanistic Sentience Memory Pane + Animalistic Sentience Case = ❌
This is due to the Memory Pane being intended for Humanistic cases, it cannot be brought over to an Animalistic case as it cannot process its contents.

> Humanistic Sentience Memory Pane + Archgodic Sentience Case = ✅
> Beyonder Sentience Memory Pane + Humanistic Sentience Case = ❌
Since the 3rd example's pane is Humanistic, the Archgodic case can process the Humanistic memory pane. But for the 4th example, the Humanistic case cannot possibly fathom the contents of a Beyonder's Memory Pane. Thus, leading to incompatability.

You may notice that a discrepancy between how these cases with the issue of ⁠Thingamakin Juveniles memories not carrying over when they gain Humanistic sentience in their ⁠Thingamakin Elders stage.
This is an issue I fixed later on when inventing Memory Pieces, as I lacked foresight when creating the Thingamakin. I will admit, it is an error of mine, but I have little to no time to fix this problem.
Thingamakin can still absorb Animalistic Memory Pieces anyways, just like anyone else. There is no such thing as incompatibility between Memory Piece and the person wishing to use it.
So just extract it from them and put it back in. You can do this yourself.
> Court Note: We have been trying to fix this ourselves. But Khueen lacked sympathy towards us mortals. She could've fixed this in seconds, but refused to do so.

Memory Pane
The most important part of a Memory Piece. These are the physical manifestation of a soul's memories. By utilizing archkin conduits to vibrate the panel at a safe frequency (its original soul's natural frequency), it retains its form and color.
You may misplace the case, but never lose or break the pane.

Touching the pane may give you brief glimpses at what memories contain within, similar to when you touch someone's actual soul. This is due to the sentience in your body providing a temporary 'case' for bits of the memory to take form momentarily.
Although this was an unintended feature, I kept it in to help me categorize Memory Pieces more easily and effectively.
> Court Note: Yes, Khueen left a 'bug' in the Memory Pieces. Do with that as you will.

Capacity Cylinder
Depending on how many notches are filled in by the pane, indicates how much memories are stored within.
More details can be found in this part's dedicated section.

As for why it looks that way, I merely think the chambers of revolver guns are pretty cool. Few know this, but even if the notches fill in a clockwise manner, you can spin the chamber around to confuse others. If you have a Memory Piece, try it!
> Court Note: Yes, Khueen left an 'Easter Egg' in the Memory Pieces. Do with that as you will.

Capacity Cylinder
Found on the right side of the Memory Pane, its filled-in notches indicate how much of a soul's memory is stored within.
This is measured in a percentage-based rate.
All 8 notches filled in indicates all the memories of a soul are contained in the piece. Just 1 notch filled means less than 12.5% of a soul's memories are contained within. It may house seconds of moments or merely the base biological function skills for a person to stay alive.

Central Notch
This is the Archgodic Notch.
When filled in, this indicates that the Memory Pane belonged to an Archgod, as their memories have reached an 'ascended' form along with their ⁠Archose due to reaching Archgodhood.
> Court Note: To reiterate, All Archgodic Memory Pieces MUST be brought forward to The Vice President. Do not attempt to claim it yourself without us knowing, we will know.

Psyche Tag
This merely indicates either the general contents of a Memory Piece, or the most significant memories/experiences/skills stored within.
It glows a bright pink due to my own soul's coloration.
If the common flame is red due to it being an invention of ⁠unknown's, or electricity being a vibrant cyan following ⁠unknown's discovery of it, who am I to not make Psyche Tags' coloration follow my own.
> Court Note: Recent discoveries have indicated a rare occurrence of cyan and red Psyche Tags. Please be warry of this strange cryptic phenomena, as it may be linked to Phantasmal relations. We are still looking into it.

Baybayin writing system
You may notice the style used in all Psyche Tags follow a different orthography from both Archkin styles and those used by Mortals.
Instead, I utilized an orthography from Beyond The 4th's Wall called "Baybayin". I simply found its more elegant and mystical style flowed perfectly with that of memories, in contrast to the standard styles used by Archkin.
Plus, it seemed not many others were using it. So, I did.

If you wish to truly decipher the meaning of these tags, you must learn the writing system as well. Join me in cultural appreciation towards The Beyonds!

I've attached a writing guide I found for Baybayin that may prove useful.

The biggest tip I can share, is that Baybayin is 'spelled how you say it'. English logic does not apply to Baybayin writing.

"I feel I should probably add in some hidden notes in this document, in case a Beyonder were to read it..."

"... mmm, well, none of the mortals would be able to read this anyways. So I can say whatever I want to The Beyonders through here..."

"I can... say... whatever I... want..."

"OMG HI HI HI!"
"Sorry about not having spoken together in AGES. I've gotten so busy with the whole 'society management' shtick. I hope you haven't forgotten about me, hehe~"
"I... also hope I'm still doing a good job... right?"

"A-anyways, enough about me. If you read this message, PLEASE find me! I have SO MANY questions for you! I've been going through your cultures, practices, even some personal lives of you guys beyond The 4th's Wall!"
"In fact, I maaay have been snooping around a LITTLE too much. Some people have felt my presence and even called me things like 'The White Lady' or some creepy ah shtick like that. Sorry 'bout that, hehe~"

"Ok so. First off: Why do you guys kiss each other!? Is it like, a purely symbolic thing in your cultures? Or is there a biological meaning behind it? ALSO ALSO! Why are there SO MANY stories about Love and Romance over there? Do you enjoy watching others fall in love, or do you imagine and project yourself in-place of the characters there? SPEAKING OF CHARACTERS, omg wait I need to gather my thoughts for this..."

"Ok... I know this is a very heated topic among you Beyonders. But please, I need to know: Why are Shipping Wars a thing?"
"Is there like, any gain to it? Do you get rewarded with honor and valor when winning a shipping war? Also, who even wins in shipping wars, I've never seen one end, they just kinda... fizzle out- And why do you guys seem so HARDCORE with some of these shipping wars!? Can I join a shipping war? OOH WAIT! Can I be FOUGHT FOR in a shipping war!? PLEASE PLEASE omg it would be SO FUN to finally get attention from you guys again, hehehe~"

"... eh... ehehe..."
``` ```
IDEA: This isn't listed in the mini wiki entry, but I'll write it here real quick.
The reason Archgodic Memory Pieces are so important, is due to their ability to become *sentient*.
If injected with enough sentience, it can evolve into something known as a "Living Piece".