(WIP)
Idea: In the Scripted Fates stories, all "magical" phenomena take the form of frequencies. This explains how even electricity and fire can be considered "magical" in this world, due to its reliance and usage of frequencies and vibrations. The reason for this is due to archkin, the sole originator of all "magical" phenomena (at least, all that isn't related to, or aligned with, the Null). Archkin use frequencies not only to shield themselves with their membranes, but also to command and order their archose to manipulate reality. In short, when spells are cast using "incantations", the vibrations and frequencies from those incantations are what command and order archose.

However, there are 3 primary "frequencies" to take note of: Mollecular Frequency, Seperatist Frequencies, and Archose Frequencies.

Mollecular Frequencies are the almost-invisible "baseline frequency" present in every mollecule and/or element. It is possible to tap into this frequency or even raise/lower it to change the properties of certain materials— transfiguring gold into silver, for instance. Although, this skill is quite rare, and mollecular frequencies aren't as widely-known or even used.

Seperatist Frequencies come in the form of 2413Hz (cyan/red) and 3142Hz (pale green). 2413Hz is used by the forces of Null and Vicars, 3142Hz is mainly utilized by The Court of The Fourth, and both frequencies are used by the Arch of Sentients (AoS/"Mortal Revolutionaries") depending on the circumstances.
The reason for this number specifically is due to the "Seperatist Sequence". While 2413Hz is capable of destabilizing Archose Frequencies due to its innate "instructions" for archose to "separate", 3142Hz is capable of the same effect. However, 2413Hz and 3142Hz frequencies cancel each other out. Both are also succeptible to archose frequencies if the source is strong enough to repel them
In short, 2413Hz is strong against Archose Frequencies and 3142Hz.
3142Hz is strong against Archose Frequencies and 2413Hz.
And Archose Frequencies can sometimes repel 2413Hz and 3142Hz.

Archose Frequencies are any frequencies in-use by archkin. It's mainly categorized here as Seperatist Frequencies have no effect on Mollecular frequencies (aka every other frequency). Although, common phenomena taht are highly-frequencies-interegrated are still at risk of being affected by Seperatist Frequencies due to archkin influence being innate in the phenomena. Occurances such as fire, electricity, magnetism, and even certain sounds can be considered as "Psuedo Archose Frequencies" due to them being affected somewhat by Seperatist Frequencies. 