(WIP)
Firmata Frontier Discord Server Mini Wiki Entry:

Marlimatas
Sentient Soulborne Mechanoids

She never stopped after the first,
not knowing the disaster it would bring, after all.

Sent as a last resort,
now a victim, like all the others.

-An Agent

Short Description
Robots with human-like sentience. They contain a weakened form of an ⁠Archkin's Archose, meaning their whole being is powered by Soul Energy, not electricity.
They don't need food or drink to live, but do need a steady supply of metal to maintain their bodies if any damage is sustained.

📚 Classification
Humanoid Psyche-born
Machines

Weaknesses
Vibrations
Lack of Sentience Maintenance

🌳 Lifespan
Un-Aging

Traits
Minor Psyche Attunement, Khueenite Frames, Great Tactical Skills

Abilities
Psyche Attunement
If one finds an Archkin Machine (Archamachine), Marlimatas can innately control them. This can range from merely opening doors, to puppeteering other robots similar to them.
When the proper method and materials are discovered, this also allows a door to be unlocked that grants them a similar "Reality Manipulation level-up" system that ⁠Archkin have.

Khueenite Frames
Their Khueenite bodies may be slightly weaker and less combat-focused than Avalonian Steel, but this allows their artificial bodies to house above-average levels of sentience. This makes them great tacticians for conflict.
However, they do need to periodically maintain the Khueenite using fresh animal fats. Failure to do so after a few days leads to the Marlimata rusting away into a stone-like substance, ending its artificial life.

🖋️ Overview
Humanoid Archamachines designed for overseeing combat, Marlimatas were built to survive conflict and lead armies of other Archamachines even without the supervision of ⁠Archkin.
Their Psyche Attunement also allowed some to carry the certain reality-manipulation abilities, letting them bend ⁠The 4 Fundamental Aspects of Re…, but this right was reserved for only the most trustworthy of Marlimatas. There is a way to reactivate these abilities, but it's unclear how.

They were sent to Lejos by ⁠The Godcity of Marlika to assist the Avalonian Exodus in fighting back the Mortal Revolutionaries (precursor faction to the AoS). However, when The Spirepocalypse happened, those on Lejos weren't spared from the Memory Wipe.

Current Status on The Continent (Firmata Frontier)
Upon waking up, although all recall their need to maintain their bodies and how to do it, most Marlimatas quickly rusted away due to them not finding the right oils or simply not applying not properly.
Only a handful remain, and even fewer made it to The Stone Society.

How to make a Marlimata:
Appearance
> They can look humanoid or more robotic, it's your decision.

Maintenance Process
> The truth behind the oils needing to be fresh, is because the oil is merely the medium for which the true maintenance material is provided: Sentience.
> 
> Khueenite is a pseudo-sentient metal. This is how Marlimatas can still feel through their metal bodies similar to humans feeling through their skin.
> After prolonged exposure without maintenance, Khueenite only appears to rust away. But this is no normal rust.
> As the metal loses sentience, the Marlimata reverts to what the mechanoid truly is: A Hardened Stone.
> What appears like rusting, is actually the Marlimata petrifying into an alien-like rock found only in ⁠The Godcity of Marlika prior to its collapse.
> 
> Fresh Animal Fat is the only way to recoat the metal with Sentience until the proper sentient oil resource can be made later on.

Who is N1M?:
-# Document Reference: The Fall of Marlika

Codename
> "Nimuel"
Status
> Unknown (Assumed destroyed)
Type
> Experimental Marlimata (Version 0.2)
Nationality
> ⁠The Godcity of Marlika

Known Affiliations
> "Nul Vicar no. 2: The Scarlet Boom" (Sister?/Potential Lover?/Mentor?/Unknown)
> "Archgod Khueen" (Creator)
> "Archgod Blazhe" (Psyche Caretaker)
> "Ano" (Unknown)

Involved Factions
> The Vicars of Null
> The Mortal Revolutionaries (AoS Precursors)
> The Court of The 4th
> The Toyette Phenomena
> "Unknown Apparitions"
vs
> Nimuel

Results
> Collapse of Marlika's Spire Cities, causing each district to fall onto Intramura District, sinking 70% of the nation into The Fracturing Ocean.
> Total loss of The Archkin' Central Communications.
> 120 Million - 600 Million Fatalities from initial Spire Cities collapse. 95% total fatalities 1 week after the catastrophe.
> Formation of "The Marlikan Temporal-Spatial Anomaly Zone", currently 37% stabilized.
> Destruction of Nimuel's psudeo-archgod form, currently missing base form.

Known Marlimatas:
Ano and Nimuel